fix: Add note for using react-router function with hooks (#877)
supertokens/docs: v2/emailpassword/common-customizations/email-verification/about.mdx

}
```

:::important

> If you are using `useRoutes` or `createBrowserRouter` or have routes defined in a different file, use it in the following way. [Issue Reference](https://github.com/supertokens/supertokens-auth-react/issues/581#issuecomment-1246998493)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `useRoutes` or `createBrowserRouter` or have routes defined in a different file, use it in the following way. Please see [this issue](https://github.com/supertokens/supertokens-auth-react/issues/581#issuecomment-1246998493) for further details.
```

```tsx

> const routes = getSuperTokensRoutesForReactRouterDom(reactRouterDom, [^{recipePreBuiltUINameCapitalLetters}]);

Reviewer: This doesn't match the list from above. This is the case in multiple places.
